I wanted to refer to fact by putting three points that maybe
we can all be interested, whatever the field of
d
of action of each one of you
1 the president of the information
conchi criteria decided
that when I'm looking for information
In the net
and I found something and it seems to me an answer to my question
as of been of
I have reason to consider this information as gas
boys
this copy and tehran
the first thing they find
follow
bruno
without considering the same moment
if that is
true together with the commissions that want
science is true or not
to get started
we as
as generations
what do we get in touch with the written language
before the internet we have built
criteria d
veracity
linked with books
is what he wants to do with the appearance
from the book
with
the publishing house
with text image distribution
with the print quality
with a lot of indicators that nobody taught us I think they are part of
that we were learning through our long history
circulation with books and collector
those indicators no longer exist in the network
there is an indicator that is derived from our knowledge of the world of
paper books
or our knowledge of the institutions
Yes, I see it
that this information
is the information that comes in one of the unesco sites
I say good unesco is credible
is a responsible team
the same goes for newspapers
the same goes for publishers
He considered it equivalent to what I could read on paper and if that
editorial I thought
trustworthy
then I transfer to the website the same reliability before the problem
are
millions
or tens of millions of sites
that do not have an institutional counterpart, Victor Heredia
to the inter existence
We do not have time but we do not have that reason for a very good tanger
the advice really just advice because it's a problem
very serious we still do not have stance and the criteria of reliable reliability
that we can transmit
ring
if we collectively analyze the purchase criteria
khedira that we use in our daily practice
I anticipate that we are most likely to find very partial matches
i strong discrepancy
so I do not ask that adults be in a position to tell the
Boys
what are the reliability puppets
but rather what you have to do is
the problem
and try to discuss together
how it is done
so that finding a solution to that problem
I'm not saying because because the expression look for information
it is associating almost in a way to the auto matica ana internet
really the expression looks for information
and saw the internet
claudio chávez of the 50
as is
I give you issue option
to the machine you are looking for
and they appear to me
thirty forty pages effect
we all know that nobody floats at 30 40 pages but everyone stays
the SME
and entered the first the first places is a task where you have to learn to
distrust
and trust
and the criteria of distrust and trust that must be articulated
they are not the seers I think we have learned very quickly that the
button who are we
it does not work for
as on the internet lies the most Olympic way possible
This is the ideal place to generate false identities
and I want button that we are
that vote the most cheating that makes
where yes the identity will be recognized and I will only do
corroborate it
and if it was not known
Well yes I had the same null tour that I had before